Okay,
guys.
In the last lecture,
we had a look at using the road labels to name these particular ranges just here.
But what would they do this time is highlight this entire range.
We're gonna be in the formulas tab we're gonna choose,
create from selection on.
We're going to choose Top Row,
which is automatically being takes.
Andi left column.
Actually,
before we do that,
what we do need to do is change the title of that too.
Perhaps.
Mark Space up because we already have markup defined here.
So what this is going to do is it is gonna name this row,
apples,
this road oranges.
This column by this column mark space up on this column cell.
So let's highlight all of those hit create from selection.
Leave.
Top row.
Ticked leave left Colin ticked.
Now,
the only stipulation here is these must be unique values going down the left on unique
values going across the top.
Hit.
Okay,
on they go.
So now we can see if we click in here.
We now have apple,
which is highlight in all of this range because it's picked the label name from here.
We could choose sell on,
we can see that that's this entire range on.
We can equally pick coconuts,
and that's going to show us this range.
Now what we can do with that is something really useful previously would want it to work
out what some of this is.
We would write a some here,
and we were dragged over this range.
But now we could just click here and say equals the some off cell because cell is now this
named range and you can see that's automatically highlighted.
Now we've type cell on when a center,
some of cell,
which is this through this is £1.26.
Now,
here's something particularly useful.
And I was really excited when I first discovered this,
so hopefully you're gonna get as excited as I am now.
Previously,
if we wanted to know what our sell price of oranges waas what?
We retire Peas,
oranges,
and we would type of e look at formula like this for you.
Look up on.
We would reference that cell and we would click that and we were dragged over this area
here,
which is our first range,
My first range comma on the cell prices in column four.
We would type their some type false,
and we would hit.
Enter on Ben.
We would know the sell price of oranges.
Let me just change the format on that.
So they go.
So that's how we worked out using a V.
Look at what?
Sell price of oranges.
Waas.
Now,
what I wanna do is just change the formatting of that to exactly the same format in Okay.
Never going to do something really clever.
Okay,
so if we know what it just type oranges space and sell,
you can see that what's happened in this highlighted area here is oranges in blue goes
across here on cell in red,
goes down here and you can see that the intersect of this row and this column is 20.
So if you hit enter,
you get the answer of 20 p.
So you get exactly the same result as having an entry here that,
you know,
look up from on then right in the V.
Look at formula to look up from column for just by type in the name of the two ranges.
So if we wanted to say what's the mark upon coconuts,
we could literally just say Cocoanuts.
There's that range space mark.
Space groups mark If there's a space in your title,
if there's a space in your defined name,
you must use an underscore,
as you can see in the little tip just there.
So mark up and you can probably guess what's gonna come out to this.
The Intersect off this on this is going to be 20.
Peak hit,
enter and they get from Let me just for muscle of these two currency just so we can see
them.
And if we wanted to know the by price of apricots,
we could just have eagles a pre cults.
There's that range space by and there's that range on the Intersect is 12 p.
So they go.
That's a really neat trick.
The only thing it requires is that you have a unique values down here on unique values
across the top.
If you do have data like that,
you need never use of e Look up again.
It's a simple as write in the name of the two named Ranges.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture,
where we're going to say Cullicott,
dynamic named Ranges.
See you then